docs/generators/java-play-framework.md, before:

---
title: Config Options for java-play-framework
sidebar_label: java-play-framework
---

These options may be applied as additional-properties (cli) or configOptions (plugins). Refer to [configuration docs](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/configuration) for more details.

| Option | Description | Values | Default |
| ------ | ----------- | ------ | ------- |
|additionalEnumTypeAnnotations|Additional annotations for enum type(class level annotations)| |null|
|additionalModelTypeAnnotations|Additional annotations for model type(class level annotations)| |null|
|allowUnicodeIdentifiers|boolean, toggles whether unicode identifiers are allowed in names or not, default is false| |false|
|apiPackage|package for generated api classes| |controllers|
|artifactDescription|artifact description in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPI Java|
|artifactId|artifactId in generated pom.xml. This also becomes part of the generated library's filename| |openapi-java-playframework|
|artifactUrl|artifact URL in generated pom.xml| |https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator|
|artifactVersion|artifact version in generated pom.xml. This also becomes part of the generated library's filename| |1.0.0|
|basePackage|base package for generated code| |org.openapitools|
|bigDecimalAsString|Treat BigDecimal values as Strings to avoid precision loss.| |false|
|booleanGetterPrefix|Set booleanGetterPrefix| |get|
|configPackage|configuration package for generated code| |org.openapitools.configuration|
|controllerOnly|Whether to generate only API interface stubs without the server files.| |false|
|dateLibrary|Option. Date library to use|<dl><dt>**joda**</dt><dd>Joda (for legacy app only)</dd><dt>**legacy**</dt><dd>Legacy java.util.Date (if you really have a good reason not to use threetenbp</dd><dt>**java8-localdatetime**</dt><dd>Java 8 using LocalDateTime (for legacy app only)</dd><dt>**java8**</dt><dd>Java 8 native JSR310 (preferred for jdk 1.8+) - note: this also sets &quot;java8&quot; to true</dd><dt>**threetenbp**</dt><dd>Backport of JSR310 (preferred for jdk &lt; 1.8)</dd></dl>|threetenbp|
|developerEmail|developer email in generated pom.xml| |team@openapitools.org|
|developerName|developer name in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPI-Generator Contributors|
|developerOrganization|developer organization in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPITools.org|
|developerOrganizationUrl|developer organization URL in generated pom.xml| |http://openapitools.org|
|disableHtmlEscaping|Disable HTML escaping of JSON strings when using gson (needed to avoid problems with byte[] fields)| |false|
|disallowAdditionalPropertiesIfNotPresent|If false, the 'additionalProperties' implementation (set to true by default) is compliant with the OAS and JSON schema specifications. If true (default), keep the old (incorrect) behaviour that 'additionalProperties' is set to false by default.|<dl><dt>**false**</dt><dd>The 'additionalProperties' implementation is compliant with the OAS and JSON schema specifications.</dd><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Keep the old (incorrect) behaviour that 'additionalProperties' is set to false by default.</dd></dl>|true|
|discriminatorCaseSensitive|Whether the discriminator value lookup should be case-sensitive or not. This option only works for Java API client| |true|
|ensureUniqueParams|Whether to ensure parameter names are unique in an operation (rename parameters that are not).| |true|
|fullJavaUtil|whether to use fully qualified name for classes under java.util. This option only works for Java API client| |false|
|groupId|groupId in generated pom.xml| |org.openapitools|
|handleExceptions|Add a 'throw exception' to each controller function. Add also a custom error handler where you can put your custom logic| |true|
|hideGenerationTimestamp|Hides the generation timestamp when files are generated.| |false|
|ignoreAnyOfInEnum|Ignore anyOf keyword in enum| |false|
|invokerPackage|root package for generated code| |org.openapitools.api|
|java8|Use Java8 classes instead of third party equivalents. Starting in 5.x, JDK8 is the default and the support for JDK7, JDK6 has been dropped|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Use Java 8 classes such as Base64</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>Various third party libraries as needed</dd></dl>|true|
|legacyDiscriminatorBehavior|Set to false for generators with better support for discriminators. (Python, Java, Go, PowerShell, C#have this enabled by default).|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>The mapping in the discriminator includes descendent schemas that allOf inherit from self and the discriminator mapping schemas in the OAS document.</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>The mapping in the discriminator includes any descendent schemas that allOf inherit from self, any oneOf schemas, any anyOf schemas, any x-discriminator-values, and the discriminator mapping schemas in the OAS document AND Codegen validates that oneOf and anyOf schemas contain the required discriminator and throws an error if the discriminator is missing.</dd></dl>|true|
|licenseName|The name of the license| |Unlicense|
|licenseUrl|The URL of the license| |http://unlicense.org|
|modelPackage|package for generated models| |apimodels|
|openApiNullable|Enable OpenAPI Jackson Nullable library| |true|
|parentArtifactId|parent artifactId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|parentGroupId|parent groupId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|parentVersion|parent version in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|prependFormOrBodyParameters|Add form or body parameters to the beginning of the parameter list.| |false|
|scmConnection|SCM connection in generated pom.xml| |scm:git:git@github.com:openapitools/openapi-generator.git|
|scmDeveloperConnection|SCM developer connection in generated pom.xml| |scm:git:git@github.com:openapitools/openapi-generator.git|
|scmUrl|SCM URL in generated pom.xml| |https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator|
|serializableModel|boolean - toggle &quot;implements Serializable&quot; for generated models| |false|
|snapshotVersion|Uses a SNAPSHOT version.|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Use a SnapShot Version</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>Use a Release Version</dd></dl>|null|
|sortModelPropertiesByRequiredFlag|Sort model properties to place required parameters before optional parameters.| |true|
|sortParamsByRequiredFlag|Sort method arguments to place required parameters before optional parameters.| |true|
|sourceFolder|source folder for generated code| |/app|
|supportAsync|Support Async operations| |false|
|title|server title name or client service name| |openapi-java-playframework|
|useBeanValidation|Use BeanValidation API annotations| |true|
|useInterfaces|Makes the controllerImp implements an interface to facilitate automatic completion when updating from version x to y of your spec| |true|
|useSwaggerUI|Add a route to /api which show your documentation in swagger-ui. Will also import needed dependencies| |true|
|withXml|whether to include support for application/xml content type and include XML annotations in the model (works with libraries that provide support for JSON and XML)| |false|
|wrapCalls|Add a wrapper to each controller function to handle things like metrics, response modification, etc..| |true|

## IMPORT MAPPING

| Type/Alias | Imports |
| ---------- | ------- |
|Array|java.util.List|
|ArrayList|java.util.ArrayList|
|BigDecimal|java.math.BigDecimal|
|Date|java.util.Date|
|DateTime|org.joda.time.*|
|File|java.io.File|
|HashMap|java.util.HashMap|
|LinkedHashSet|java.util.LinkedHashSet|
|List|java.util.*|
|LocalDate|org.joda.time.*|
|LocalDateTime|org.joda.time.*|
|LocalTime|org.joda.time.*|
|Map|java.util.Map|
|Set|java.util.*|
|Timestamp|java.sql.Timestamp|
|URI|java.net.URI|
|UUID|java.util.UUID|


## INSTANTIATION TYPES

| Type/Alias | Instantiated By |
| ---------- | --------------- |
|array|ArrayList|
|map|HashMap|
|set|LinkedHashSet|


## LANGUAGE PRIMITIVES

<ul class="column-ul">
<li>Boolean</li>
<li>Double</li>
<li>Float</li>
<li>Integer</li>
<li>Long</li>
<li>Object</li>
<li>String</li>
<li>boolean</li>
<li>byte[]</li>
</ul>

## RESERVED WORDS

<ul class="column-ul">
<li>abstract</li>
<li>apiclient</li>
<li>apiexception</li>
<li>apiresponse</li>
<li>assert</li>
<li>boolean</li>
<li>break</li>
<li>byte</li>
<li>case</li>
<li>catch</li>
<li>char</li>
<li>class</li>
<li>configuration</li>
<li>const</li>
<li>continue</li>
<li>default</li>
<li>do</li>
<li>double</li>
<li>else</li>
<li>enum</li>
<li>extends</li>
<li>final</li>
<li>finally</li>
<li>float</li>
<li>for</li>
<li>goto</li>
<li>if</li>
<li>implements</li>
<li>import</li>
<li>instanceof</li>
<li>int</li>
<li>interface</li>
<li>localreturntype</li>
<li>localvaraccept</li>
<li>localvaraccepts</li>
<li>localvarauthnames</li>
<li>localvarcollectionqueryparams</li>
<li>localvarcontenttype</li>
<li>localvarcontenttypes</li>
<li>localvarcookieparams</li>
<li>localvarformparams</li>
<li>localvarheaderparams</li>
<li>localvarpath</li>
<li>localvarpostbody</li>
<li>localvarqueryparams</li>
<li>long</li>
<li>native</li>
<li>new</li>
<li>null</li>
<li>object</li>
<li>package</li>
<li>private</li>
<li>protected</li>
<li>public</li>
<li>return</li>
<li>short</li>
<li>static</li>
<li>strictfp</li>
<li>stringutil</li>
<li>super</li>
<li>switch</li>
<li>synchronized</li>
<li>this</li>
<li>throw</li>
<li>throws</li>
<li>transient</li>
<li>try</li>
<li>void</li>
<li>volatile</li>
<li>while</li>
</ul>

## FEATURE SET


### Client Modification Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|BasePath|✓|ToolingExtension
|Authorizations|✗|ToolingExtension
|UserAgent|✗|ToolingExtension
|MockServer|✗|ToolingExtension

### Data Type Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Custom|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|Int32|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Int64|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Float|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Double|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Decimal|✓|ToolingExtension
|String|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Byte|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Binary|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Boolean|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Date|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|DateTime|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Password|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|File|✓|OAS2
|Array|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Maps|✓|ToolingExtension
|CollectionFormat|✓|OAS2
|CollectionFormatMulti|✓|OAS2
|Enum|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|ArrayOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfPrimitives|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfPrimitives|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension

### Documentation Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Readme|✓|ToolingExtension
|Model|✓|ToolingExtension
|Api|✓|ToolingExtension

### Global Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Host|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|BasePath|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Info|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Schemes|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|PartialSchemes|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Consumes|✓|OAS2
|Produces|✓|OAS2
|ExternalDocumentation|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Examples|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|XMLStructureDefinitions|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|MultiServer|✗|OAS3
|ParameterizedServer|✗|OAS3
|ParameterStyling|✗|OAS3
|Callbacks|✗|OAS3
|LinkObjects|✗|OAS3

### Parameter Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Path|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Query|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Header|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Body|✓|OAS2
|FormUnencoded|✓|OAS2
|FormMultipart|✓|OAS2
|Cookie|✓|OAS3

### Schema Support Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Simple|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Composite|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Polymorphism|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|Union|✗|OAS3

### Security Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|BasicAuth|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|ApiKey|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OpenIDConnect|✗|OAS3
|BearerToken|✗|OAS3
|OAuth2_Implicit|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_Password|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_ClientCredentials|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_AuthorizationCode|✗|OAS2,OAS3

### Wire Format Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|JSON|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|XML|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|PROTOBUF|✗|ToolingExtension
|Custom|✗|OAS2,OAS3

Commit message:

refactor: improve additionalModelTypeAnnotations generation
Split by ';' and/or newline
Trim value

fix: #7032

Run ./bin/generate-samples.sh to regenerate model files

Revert "Run ./bin/generate-samples.sh to regenerate model files"

This reverts commit da509c39f363da046fbd457e1ab67ef0f62f3561.

refector: remove unnecessary import

test: multiples tests for AdditionalModelTypeAnnotations

Add a getter to test the list

refactor: remove duplicate AdditionalModelTypeAnnotations

Without using Set to avoid any side effect somewhere, I use stream and
distinct to avoid duplicates

refactor: using Set instead of stream

Remove stream distinct for performance reason, use newHashSet
Keep AdditionalModelTypeAnnotations as List

doc: update info additionalModelTypeAnnotations

refactor: move doc in code for autogen

style: tab in java class

doc: run ensure-up-to-date

refactor: add imports lost in rebase

docs: regenerate docs

docs: update

docs/generators/java-play-framework.md, after:

---
title: Config Options for java-play-framework
sidebar_label: java-play-framework
---

These options may be applied as additional-properties (cli) or configOptions (plugins). Refer to [configuration docs](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/configuration) for more details.

| Option | Description | Values | Default |
| ------ | ----------- | ------ | ------- |
|additionalEnumTypeAnnotations|Additional annotations for enum type(class level annotations)| |null|
|additionalModelTypeAnnotations|Additional annotations for model type(class level annotations). List separated by semicolon(;) or new line (Linux or Windows)| |null|
|allowUnicodeIdentifiers|boolean, toggles whether unicode identifiers are allowed in names or not, default is false| |false|
|apiPackage|package for generated api classes| |controllers|
|artifactDescription|artifact description in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPI Java|
|artifactId|artifactId in generated pom.xml. This also becomes part of the generated library's filename| |openapi-java-playframework|
|artifactUrl|artifact URL in generated pom.xml| |https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator|
|artifactVersion|artifact version in generated pom.xml. This also becomes part of the generated library's filename| |1.0.0|
|basePackage|base package for generated code| |org.openapitools|
|bigDecimalAsString|Treat BigDecimal values as Strings to avoid precision loss.| |false|
|booleanGetterPrefix|Set booleanGetterPrefix| |get|
|configPackage|configuration package for generated code| |org.openapitools.configuration|
|controllerOnly|Whether to generate only API interface stubs without the server files.| |false|
|dateLibrary|Option. Date library to use|<dl><dt>**joda**</dt><dd>Joda (for legacy app only)</dd><dt>**legacy**</dt><dd>Legacy java.util.Date (if you really have a good reason not to use threetenbp</dd><dt>**java8-localdatetime**</dt><dd>Java 8 using LocalDateTime (for legacy app only)</dd><dt>**java8**</dt><dd>Java 8 native JSR310 (preferred for jdk 1.8+) - note: this also sets &quot;java8&quot; to true</dd><dt>**threetenbp**</dt><dd>Backport of JSR310 (preferred for jdk &lt; 1.8)</dd></dl>|threetenbp|
|developerEmail|developer email in generated pom.xml| |team@openapitools.org|
|developerName|developer name in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPI-Generator Contributors|
|developerOrganization|developer organization in generated pom.xml| |OpenAPITools.org|
|developerOrganizationUrl|developer organization URL in generated pom.xml| |http://openapitools.org|
|disableHtmlEscaping|Disable HTML escaping of JSON strings when using gson (needed to avoid problems with byte[] fields)| |false|
|disallowAdditionalPropertiesIfNotPresent|If false, the 'additionalProperties' implementation (set to true by default) is compliant with the OAS and JSON schema specifications. If true (default), keep the old (incorrect) behaviour that 'additionalProperties' is set to false by default.|<dl><dt>**false**</dt><dd>The 'additionalProperties' implementation is compliant with the OAS and JSON schema specifications.</dd><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Keep the old (incorrect) behaviour that 'additionalProperties' is set to false by default.</dd></dl>|true|
|discriminatorCaseSensitive|Whether the discriminator value lookup should be case-sensitive or not. This option only works for Java API client| |true|
|ensureUniqueParams|Whether to ensure parameter names are unique in an operation (rename parameters that are not).| |true|
|fullJavaUtil|whether to use fully qualified name for classes under java.util. This option only works for Java API client| |false|
|groupId|groupId in generated pom.xml| |org.openapitools|
|handleExceptions|Add a 'throw exception' to each controller function. Add also a custom error handler where you can put your custom logic| |true|
|hideGenerationTimestamp|Hides the generation timestamp when files are generated.| |false|
|ignoreAnyOfInEnum|Ignore anyOf keyword in enum| |false|
|invokerPackage|root package for generated code| |org.openapitools.api|
|java8|Use Java8 classes instead of third party equivalents. Starting in 5.x, JDK8 is the default and the support for JDK7, JDK6 has been dropped|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Use Java 8 classes such as Base64</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>Various third party libraries as needed</dd></dl>|true|
|legacyDiscriminatorBehavior|Set to false for generators with better support for discriminators. (Python, Java, Go, PowerShell, C#have this enabled by default).|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>The mapping in the discriminator includes descendent schemas that allOf inherit from self and the discriminator mapping schemas in the OAS document.</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>The mapping in the discriminator includes any descendent schemas that allOf inherit from self, any oneOf schemas, any anyOf schemas, any x-discriminator-values, and the discriminator mapping schemas in the OAS document AND Codegen validates that oneOf and anyOf schemas contain the required discriminator and throws an error if the discriminator is missing.</dd></dl>|true|
|licenseName|The name of the license| |Unlicense|
|licenseUrl|The URL of the license| |http://unlicense.org|
|modelPackage|package for generated models| |apimodels|
|openApiNullable|Enable OpenAPI Jackson Nullable library| |true|
|parentArtifactId|parent artifactId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|parentGroupId|parent groupId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|parentVersion|parent version in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect| |null|
|prependFormOrBodyParameters|Add form or body parameters to the beginning of the parameter list.| |false|
|scmConnection|SCM connection in generated pom.xml| |scm:git:git@github.com:openapitools/openapi-generator.git|
|scmDeveloperConnection|SCM developer connection in generated pom.xml| |scm:git:git@github.com:openapitools/openapi-generator.git|
|scmUrl|SCM URL in generated pom.xml| |https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator|
|serializableModel|boolean - toggle &quot;implements Serializable&quot; for generated models| |false|
|snapshotVersion|Uses a SNAPSHOT version.|<dl><dt>**true**</dt><dd>Use a SnapShot Version</dd><dt>**false**</dt><dd>Use a Release Version</dd></dl>|null|
|sortModelPropertiesByRequiredFlag|Sort model properties to place required parameters before optional parameters.| |true|
|sortParamsByRequiredFlag|Sort method arguments to place required parameters before optional parameters.| |true|
|sourceFolder|source folder for generated code| |/app|
|supportAsync|Support Async operations| |false|
|title|server title name or client service name| |openapi-java-playframework|
|useBeanValidation|Use BeanValidation API annotations| |true|
|useInterfaces|Makes the controllerImp implements an interface to facilitate automatic completion when updating from version x to y of your spec| |true|
|useSwaggerUI|Add a route to /api which show your documentation in swagger-ui. Will also import needed dependencies| |true|
|withXml|whether to include support for application/xml content type and include XML annotations in the model (works with libraries that provide support for JSON and XML)| |false|
|wrapCalls|Add a wrapper to each controller function to handle things like metrics, response modification, etc..| |true|

## IMPORT MAPPING

| Type/Alias | Imports |
| ---------- | ------- |
|Array|java.util.List|
|ArrayList|java.util.ArrayList|
|BigDecimal|java.math.BigDecimal|
|Date|java.util.Date|
|DateTime|org.joda.time.*|
|File|java.io.File|
|HashMap|java.util.HashMap|
|LinkedHashSet|java.util.LinkedHashSet|
|List|java.util.*|
|LocalDate|org.joda.time.*|
|LocalDateTime|org.joda.time.*|
|LocalTime|org.joda.time.*|
|Map|java.util.Map|
|Set|java.util.*|
|Timestamp|java.sql.Timestamp|
|URI|java.net.URI|
|UUID|java.util.UUID|


## INSTANTIATION TYPES

| Type/Alias | Instantiated By |
| ---------- | --------------- |
|array|ArrayList|
|map|HashMap|
|set|LinkedHashSet|


## LANGUAGE PRIMITIVES

<ul class="column-ul">
<li>Boolean</li>
<li>Double</li>
<li>Float</li>
<li>Integer</li>
<li>Long</li>
<li>Object</li>
<li>String</li>
<li>boolean</li>
<li>byte[]</li>
</ul>

## RESERVED WORDS

<ul class="column-ul">
<li>abstract</li>
<li>apiclient</li>
<li>apiexception</li>
<li>apiresponse</li>
<li>assert</li>
<li>boolean</li>
<li>break</li>
<li>byte</li>
<li>case</li>
<li>catch</li>
<li>char</li>
<li>class</li>
<li>configuration</li>
<li>const</li>
<li>continue</li>
<li>default</li>
<li>do</li>
<li>double</li>
<li>else</li>
<li>enum</li>
<li>extends</li>
<li>final</li>
<li>finally</li>
<li>float</li>
<li>for</li>
<li>goto</li>
<li>if</li>
<li>implements</li>
<li>import</li>
<li>instanceof</li>
<li>int</li>
<li>interface</li>
<li>localreturntype</li>
<li>localvaraccept</li>
<li>localvaraccepts</li>
<li>localvarauthnames</li>
<li>localvarcollectionqueryparams</li>
<li>localvarcontenttype</li>
<li>localvarcontenttypes</li>
<li>localvarcookieparams</li>
<li>localvarformparams</li>
<li>localvarheaderparams</li>
<li>localvarpath</li>
<li>localvarpostbody</li>
<li>localvarqueryparams</li>
<li>long</li>
<li>native</li>
<li>new</li>
<li>null</li>
<li>object</li>
<li>package</li>
<li>private</li>
<li>protected</li>
<li>public</li>
<li>return</li>
<li>short</li>
<li>static</li>
<li>strictfp</li>
<li>stringutil</li>
<li>super</li>
<li>switch</li>
<li>synchronized</li>
<li>this</li>
<li>throw</li>
<li>throws</li>
<li>transient</li>
<li>try</li>
<li>void</li>
<li>volatile</li>
<li>while</li>
</ul>

## FEATURE SET


### Client Modification Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|BasePath|✓|ToolingExtension
|Authorizations|✗|ToolingExtension
|UserAgent|✗|ToolingExtension
|MockServer|✗|ToolingExtension

### Data Type Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Custom|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|Int32|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Int64|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Float|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Double|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Decimal|✓|ToolingExtension
|String|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Byte|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Binary|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Boolean|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Date|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|DateTime|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Password|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|File|✓|OAS2
|Array|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Maps|✓|ToolingExtension
|CollectionFormat|✓|OAS2
|CollectionFormatMulti|✓|OAS2
|Enum|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|ArrayOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfPrimitives|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|ArrayOfCollectionOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfPrimitives|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfModel|✓|ToolingExtension
|MapOfCollectionOfEnum|✓|ToolingExtension

### Documentation Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Readme|✓|ToolingExtension
|Model|✓|ToolingExtension
|Api|✓|ToolingExtension

### Global Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Host|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|BasePath|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Info|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Schemes|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|PartialSchemes|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Consumes|✓|OAS2
|Produces|✓|OAS2
|ExternalDocumentation|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Examples|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|XMLStructureDefinitions|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|MultiServer|✗|OAS3
|ParameterizedServer|✗|OAS3
|ParameterStyling|✗|OAS3
|Callbacks|✗|OAS3
|LinkObjects|✗|OAS3

### Parameter Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Path|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Query|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Header|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Body|✓|OAS2
|FormUnencoded|✓|OAS2
|FormMultipart|✓|OAS2
|Cookie|✓|OAS3

### Schema Support Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|Simple|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Composite|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|Polymorphism|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|Union|✗|OAS3

### Security Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|BasicAuth|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|ApiKey|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OpenIDConnect|✗|OAS3
|BearerToken|✗|OAS3
|OAuth2_Implicit|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_Password|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_ClientCredentials|✗|OAS2,OAS3
|OAuth2_AuthorizationCode|✗|OAS2,OAS3

### Wire Format Feature
| Name | Supported | Defined By |
| ---- | --------- | ---------- |
|JSON|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|XML|✓|OAS2,OAS3
|PROTOBUF|✗|ToolingExtension
|Custom|✗|OAS2,OAS3
